### CasparCG Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-05-28
---

## Links & Attachments
* **GitHib Meeting Issue:** https://github.com/CasparCG/TSC/issues/1

## Present
* Jesper Stærkær (@jesperstarkar) — TSC
* Julian Waller (@Julusian) — TSC
* Olle Soprani (@5opr4ni) — TSC
* Robert Nagy (@ronag) - TSC


## Agenda
The agenda will be formed prior to the meeting and will consist of issues and pull requests from the CasparCG organization with the **tsc-agenda** label. Comments posted on this issue will also be a part of the agenda.

### CasparCG/Server
* mpegts seeking broken CasparCG/server#1304
* SET 1 MODE is out of order CasparCG/server#1303
* Warning when using 1080p50 CasparCG/server#1299
* Add Support for Kronos K8 card type, and bug fixes CasparCG/server#1302 (PR)
* Review and discuss milestone v2.3.0 LTS

### **CasparCG/Project**
* Announcement repository
* TSC repository


## Minutes
### CasparCG/Server
#### LTS in general
* The 2.3 milestone cleaned up with removing stale issues and moving issues out of the milestone.

#### mpegts seeking broken (CasparCG/server#1304)
* FFmpeg problem, falsy flags all frames as keyframes
* Not considered a blocker for 2.3. Will not be handled now in the scope of 2.3

#### SET 1 MODE is out of order (CasparCG/server#1303)
* Cosmetics in the DIAG screen, not a blocker for 2.3, neither a regression in 2.3
* @Julusian: Probably a one-line fix, will look into it.

#### Warning when using 1080p50 (CasparCG/server#1299)
* Meaningless warning from the Decklink SDK, probably false reporting. Can either filter out the warning, or lower the severity of the log entry.
* Not a blocking issue for 2.3, won’t be handled

#### Add Support for Kronos K8 card type, and bug fixes (CasparCG/server#1302)
* Incoming PR from Bluefish. Seems to be mergeable. Strictly not in the scope of 2.3, but would be good to get in for the sake of not having stale PRs.
* Will be merged in v2.3.0 LTS

#### Server crash on zero route delay CasparCG/server#1295
Two approaches: 
1. Safeguarding the recursion to prevent the full server crash. 
2. Foresee and preventing the issue by calculating the problem and responding with an error to the client

* TSC acknowledges that this state can happen if you either have automated clients or more advanced groups in the standard client.
* TSC means that preventing the crash is sufficient if you are able to go forward and get out of this intermediate state. 
* Will be patched and included in v2.3.0 LTS

#### Problems with routes (new issue)
* **Description:**  
Black frame when loading a clip on a routed layer. Seems to affect the whole channel.

* **Action:**  
@5opr4ni, will create an isolated test case. Would need a proper description/recording of the setup to understand it and break it down. 

#### Error on ffmpeg producer loading (new issue)
* **Description:**  
Logs errors, don’t know the consequences other than this. The error says “no error”.

* **Action:**  
@ronag has already created a new issue for this (CasparCG/server#1305) and @Julusian will check this issue so it can be shipped with v2.3.0 LTS.
